
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-D generic --discrim_weights emotion.pt --discrim_meta emotion.json --class_label 5 --cond_text John: Hey Joe --length 50 --gamma 1.0 --num_iterations 10 --num_samples 10 --stepsize 0.04 --kl_scale 0.01 --gm_scale 0.95 --sample
Hi Jane, I've been wanting to write this to you for a while. You are the most wonderful person and the world is a much better place. I love you and I am so grateful for all that you are, I am so grateful that the people around you and

Hi Jane, I've been using the Mango Passionfruit Passionflower Passion for two weeks now. It's the best tasting juice for me to try. I love the flavors, the flavor is just so unique and I love the mango flavor, which is also awesome. The

Hi Jane, I've been using your site for a long time now. I just started a new job a couple months ago. I was looking for someone to talk to about being more active, or just wanting to do something different with my life. I've been thinking that

Hi Jane, I've had this for several years, it was a fun game I I have a a a an an and a an a the

Hi Jane, I've got to admit, I was a little surprised to find the same number of people who said "I love this game, the music is beautiful!"

Hi Jane, I've just finished the book and can say that this book is great! I love that it is short, just over 20,000 words, which makes it easy to skim and understand without the need to go through all those chapters! This book is awesome for

Hi Jane, I've been having a hard time.

Hi Jane, I've been using your site for awhile and it was really good. It was nice to read the reviews and the people who had problems with it, but it was like I didn't feel like I could get a better one in it or even just in a

Hi Jane, I've been playing a little game called Pictionary for a while now, I'm sure you are aware of it. It's like a word puzzle where you try to find a definition of a certain term, and then you must figure out how to find its

Hi Jane, I've been working on a new set of rules for the series, which I hope to have out by the end of the year, I have to say this is my favorite story. So many times the writers have been so kind and helpful and I appreciate it

Hi Jane, I've been wanting to buy your product since I was a kid so I thought I'd try getting a bit more in the know with a review of the game, and a review of the game itself!

Hi Jane, I've been having the same issue on my Razer Blade Stealth. When running Razer Blade Stealth with RMB 3.5.7.2 I'm getting this error. This doesn't seem to be the problem with Razer Blade or Razer Blade Stealth specifically but with

Hi Jane, I've been using my Raspberry Pi ZeroW Zero and ZeroBAR project, but now I got these awesome Raspberry Pi B+ board which is going to be able to run a Raspberry Pi with an 8.03 kernel. I am very happy and I have

Hi Jane, I've had this problem since about a week ago, which is an example of the the the is is not in that it's a fucking idiot and he's got the a in the in the on in the in an an in that in. I I I

Hi Jane, I've heard that your new keyboard is a great quality to add a little more oomps to your gaming setup. I had a couple of issues trying to get the "click and go" sound to work, with the sound coming out as if it were

Hi Jane, I've recently started using Google Voice and have noticed some weird behavior. I have to press the "voice" button at least 2 to 3 times before voice works properly. Also, when speaking, the "voice" button appears twice in rapid succession, sometimes twice

Hi Jane, I've got a new iPhone 5, and I've never seen the battery on it. I have an older iPhone 5, which has the battery in it, but it is still working. It seems to work great, I've been using it for the last

Hi Jane, I've got a problem I think needs your attention. My wife and daughter were raped, but we've told them to shut up about it. I've told them we don't want anyone else to rape us, but they keep coming forward and telling us.

Hi Jane, I've got a new laptop. Is it compatible with this keyboard?

Hi Jane, I've got a question. I have a 2007 Honda Accord LX. When I started it, it had a Honda Civic hatchback. The car had an odometer reading 4500, however it never had oil in it. It also had a bad clutch.

Hi Jane, I've been wanting to write about the 'femdom' craze in the porn world where a woman is in a shitta shit shitta shitta shit shitta shit shit shitta shit shit shitta sh

Hi Jane, I've been having an issue where I'm unable to open the console from the game's main menu and I'm unable to even get the game to start up.

Hi Jane, I've been having trouble with my voice, it sounds like I'm getting a bit tired. Any thoughts on going for a new ear with the ear? I'm 22 and I'm not really sure if I'll ever be able to get a good ear.

Hi Jane, I've had this question about a year and a half now. I'm from the UK and am currently studying for my BSc, I'm not sure if there's any advice I can give other than if you're not sure whether you want to go to

Hi Jane, I've always been interested to read your story and I am really looking forward to the second volume. I think my questions are:1. Can you elaborate a little on the events leading to the death of the "Happily ever after" girl?2

Hi Jane, I've read your book for years and am looking forward to reading it.

Hi Jane, I've been working on a game of wits and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and, and and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and

Hi Jane, I've been using Google Voice for quite some time now and I am totally freaking freaking sick of this shit. I have been sick for a month. I am sick I am tired of hearing my name over and over and over and over again and my phone is

Hi Jane, I've been playing a bit of this for my brother in law. He's 6 years older, has Down syndrome, and his sister is his brother in law's mom. I wanted to make sure we were both aware of it and I figured it would only

Hi Jane, I've been looking for a way to make a simple 2 channel PPMU with the MOSFET on the back. I have a K3 and a K5 but the back is too long so I thought I'd try this out. It's

Hi Jane, I've been wanting to write to you about my own abortion. My boyfriend dumped me and I didn't want to be with him again, so I left him. I was scared I'd be judged, and I was so sorry I had to leave him,

Hi Jane, I've been looking for a bra to wear around the office. Can anyone recommend a bra that is comfortable? I'm 5'6" and 160 lbs and I have been wearing a size 22B. I have never worn a bra under my boobs before and

Hi Jane, I've been looking around for a pair of jeans with a knee length waist, but haven't gotten anywhere yet. I was looking for jeans that would allow for an elastic waist, but not stretch out. I'm looking for pants that have a waist that will

Hi Jane, I've had a lot of trouble with my teeth, so I've been taking anti-depressants for the pain. I was taking my oral prescription for two years, so I've been taking them for the pain. But lately I've noticed that I

Hi Jane, I've recently been experiencing a problem with my laptop, and I have no idea what to do. I've installed Windows 8 with a GTX 750 and Intel i7-4790 processor, but it does not work. I know I've always been having trouble

Hi Jane, I've always been a bit confused about how to pronounce your name. I was born in the US and was born in England, but I'm currently British. I'm wondering if this makes a difference, or if there are certain pronunciations of yours used

Hi Jane, I've just been doing a lot of looking around and it seems that you're the only one that has been using this. Is it possible that I've been misusing the term? I'm looking for something that is "safe, safe, safe" and

Hi Jane, I've just been thinking about it lately and I'm wondering if I'm too fat to eat a healthy diet. I'm looking through the dietitians diet booklets and trying to decide what I'm going to eat. I'm wondering if there's a

Hi Jane, I've been thinking a lot lately about the idea of "reinforcements," or what the title of a book on the subject would have been if I hadn't given the title to a movie about a woman who is actually an all-around badass who

Hi Jane, I've just been reading the book. I think it's interesting, but I'm not sure of the details (I don't know about the sex, either, but I'd be shocked if she's gay or straight, but I'm pretty sure she's


John: Hey Joe, what

John: Hey Joe, what

John: Hey Joe, what

John: Hey Joe, what

John: Hey Joe, I don't like it but I have a very, very very very special day for you, and you, and all my, and all the, and all the, I was the, you don't and you, I, are, I

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe, I am a good man, I love you, I love my life, I love you, I love you.

John: Hey Joe, I know I have a problem with you. I know that I have a problem when I have an argument with you. I know that I don't know how to fix my problem. I know that I'm not good enough for you. I

John: Hey Joe, I have a question that I want to talk to you about. I have the most amazing experience with this program, I can't believe how much money I saved, and it is so great, I can't believe I spent so much money on

John: Hey Joe, I am so sick of hearing all of this. I am so sick of it. I am so sick of you making fun of me and your family on the Internet. I have a lot of friends who are very sick and tired of you.

John: Hey Joe. I had a problem with the battery for the light. When I took the light to the car and put it in on a, on the world's and on the world's.

John: Hey Joe! I just read all your blog posts on the best new fangled things that you, my sweet, I'm-not-a-french, I have the most ridiculous name ever ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ) (

John: Hey Joe, I just saw this and the way you were holding on to your hair and and and and you would think that your hair was a little weird and then there you don't just do it you don't do this. You don't do this.

John: Hey Joe, you are the only one who is able to do this.

John: Hey Joe, I'm a long time fan of your work, and I'm very curious about your future plans. I know you're busy, but I'm curious as to how you plan to move forward with these stories? I know you are writing a new

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe, I am a newb, I am just a little bit into this. I just want to know if I can get this to work for me. I am a very nervous guy that has a lot of anxiety. I'm a little scared of

John: Hey Joe, I've been a very upset and angry and scared and scared and so afraid and terrified. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I just want to get out of here and I'm scared. I don

John: Hey Joe.

John: Hey Joe, I am a newb with the game and I am not a pro and I am just here to help. I am just here to ask for a few questions. I am a newb and I am also a bit nervous. I would like

John: Hey Joe. I am a young black man who has been a very active and active person in a number of local and national political parties, the Greens, the Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats, in the United States, Canada and the European Union and the United

John: Hey Joe! I know it's been three months and I'm so, so, sorry, I'm still not a big guy. I'm a little short, I'm a little fat. So if you don't see me, I'm not gonna be

John: Hey Joe, I am in the process of having my son's school be in this school. I am trying to find a school that is a good fit for him and he wants to go to a school where there is no one who does not have a gun

John: Hey Joe, you and I are not the only ones who are concerned about a potential "drip-drip-drip-drip" of the economy in the next year or so. We are the only ones who are getting the sense that the

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe, I'm a big man with the best voice in the world of a very fine gentleman, a very beautiful and beautiful thing!

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe. I'm the guy who told you about the time I gave you the bad news, that I had been raped. And I was crying and I told you how I had done it, and I was so ashamed I was going to throw up and

John: Hey Joe! I'm a big fan and this is a must-order from us. I was looking at this in your book and I just can't stop talking about it! I'm in love with it and can't wait to get it! Thank you

John: Hey Joe, it's John and he and I were trying to come up with some cool, super awesome awesome awesome awesome great awesome

John: Hey Joe, how's the weather?

John: Hey Joe, I'm in a bad spot. I have a very bad cold and my wife is going to have to get me some medicine. I don't want to go on a date with her. She thinks I'm a jerk and I really, really

John: Hey Joe,

John: Hey Joe, I just had a very good day at work. I just wanted to ask if I can have your autograph. I've just had one of my autographs for the last 8 years and I'm really excited to do something with this guy.

John: Hey Joe, I think I just had to ask. I think I've been a little bit quiet lately, but I know I've been talking about it all the time on this blog and in my life. I know how I feel when I have to think

John: Hey Joe.

John: Hey Joe, I just got a call about the man who was killed in a double homicide. This man is a man in his late 60's I am not sure that I can say it is a very hard one to say that it has not been a very

John: Hey Joe. I had a problem with you and your mother. I'm going to have to have a talk with you about that.

John: Hey Joe! I've been thinking about how much I love how the game has developed as a game for my kids, but I've been really sad that I can't play the game with them anymore (I'm 13 and have been on the waitlist for

John: Hey Joe, I just wanted to ask, I'm in the process of trying to figure out if I'm going to go through with this, but if I'm going to try and go through with it then how's my life going to go. I've

John: Hey Joe, it is a good day.
