Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, not at all. Mom: You can go, but we're going to make you go. Son: I'm fine. Mom: You're not going to make me do it. Son: I'm not going to. Mom: I

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: What? Mom: It's so hot! It's so hot! Son: No! No! I am going to stay home! Mom: You're going to be okay! (she screams) Son: I'm going to stay home?! Mom

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, I want to go to the zoo.

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, I want to be on the roller coaster. Mom: No, I want you to be on the roller coaster.

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: Of course! I want to go on the roller coaster! Mom: Well, we are not going on the roller coaster! Son: No, we're not going! (laughs) Mom: I want to tell him! We are in danger!

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, I want to go back to the beginning. Mom: I know it's hard to go on a roller coaster. Son: You know the way is the way to go, and I want to go back to the beginning. Mom: I

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: Yes, I do. Mom: Oh.

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: I don't know. Mom: Oh, that'll be fun. Son: I have no idea. Mom: I've been looking for you to be a roller coaster. Son: Oh. Mom: No, you're a roller coaster. Son

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, I don't want the roller coaster. Mom: Oh my god, that is so scary. Son: Well, I was scared too. Mom: What happened? Son: I was scared because of what I saw in the car. Mom

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No. Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No. Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No.

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, mom, I don't want to.

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: Yes! Mom: What is it? Son: You know, it takes some getting used to. I know there's something weird about roller coasters. Mom: It does! I'm afraid I don't like them. But what are some good

Mom: Do you want to go on the roller coaster? Son: No, I want to be a girl. Mom: Then what will you be? Son: I'm going to be a girl.

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: What? Chloe: The police have taken me to a hospital. Kevin: What?! Chloe: They said I need to go back home. He's

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: I can't wait. Chloe: I am so sorry. Kevin: But... I want to help you. Chloe: I don't want to hurt

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: Why? Chloe: It's a holiday! Kevin: I'm going on a holiday! Chloe: Why? Kevin: Because there are so many things

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: I will take you back tomorrow. Chloe: I don't know. Kevin: I don't know. Chloe: I want to stay with Kevin.

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: You are not going to!

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: You're going to go back and make sure that everything's ok, okay?! (Chloe looks at him with a look of confusion. He looks

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: You're going to be home alone?! Chloe: No, I don't have my keys! Kevin: What?! Chloe: No! It's going

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: I am glad you are happy. I know it was a lot, but I am glad you have a place to go to, and a place to

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: What are you going to do? Chloe: I'm going home!

Chloe: I am going back home tomorrow! Kevin: You are not going to do this. I am going to make you do this! Chloe: I will. I will do anything you ask me to

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: I know you are! Meena: I am! I am leaving in 10 minutes! [chuckles] I know you're going to be here for the movie! [chuckles] I'm gonna be here for the movie! [chuckles

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: You are going to be so happy, you are going to be so excited and happy! Meena: I'm so glad you will come with me! James: I'm so happy for you! You are the best! I love you too.

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: But I don't know you! Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! Meena: But I don't know you! I'm leaving in 10 minutes! Meena: But I don't know you! I'm leaving in 10 minutes

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: I think you should.

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: You have to! You have to go! Meena: It's 10! James: It's 10 o'clock! Meena: You can leave in ten!

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: We can't wait! Meena: I'm going to the movies! James: No, you can't! You're leaving the movie! Meena: I'm going to the park! James: No, you can't! You're leaving

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: No, it's better if it comes sooner, because I'll be here in 10! Meena: I'll be here in a minute, I won't leave in 10 minutes! James: I don't mind you taking it, if you don

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: I'm leaving in 10 minutes!! Meena: Oh, you're leaving in 10! James: 10! Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes, you're just going to wait until I'm gone! James: I'm just waiting for

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: You know I'm leaving, and I'm coming back to see if there's something I can help you with. Meena: I'm sorry. James: You'll be fine, I promise that I will not let this happen to you. Me

Meena: I'm leaving in 10 minutes! James: It's the most beautiful place in the world, I promise.
